:book: Update docs monorepo (#1612)
operator-framework/operator-controller: docs/contribute/developer.md

### Installing catalogd

operator-controller requires

> [catalogd](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/tree/main/catalogd). Please make sure it's installed, either normally or via its own Tiltfile., before proceeding. If you want to use Tilt, make sure you specify a unique `--port` flag to each `tilt up` invocation.

Reviewer: I think there is only one tilt setup now, so referring to each invocation is confusing?
I think this could change like:

```suggestion
[catalogd](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/tree/main/catalogd). When you give a  `tilt up` invocation, catalogd will be started along with operator-controller.
```
